readme.md, before:

DWV
===

DWV (DICOM Web Viewer) is an open source zero footprint medical image viewer library. It uses _only_ javascript and HTML5 technologies, meaning that it can be run on any platform that provides a modern browser (laptop, tablet, phone and even modern TVs). It can load local or remote data in DICOM format (the standard for medical imaging data such as MR, CT, Echo, Mammo, NM...) and  provides standard tools for its manipulation such as contrast, zoom, drag, possibility to draw regions on top of the image and imaging filters such as threshold and sharpening.

Try a [live demo](https://ivmartel.github.io/dwv/) and read a lot more information on the [wiki](https://github.com/ivmartel/dwv/wiki) (such as [Dicom-Support](https://github.com/ivmartel/dwv/wiki/Dicom-Support) or [Pacs-Support](https://github.com/ivmartel/dwv/wiki/Pacs-Support)).

All coding/implementation contributions and comments are welcome.

DWV is not certified for diagnostic use. Released under GNU GPL-3.0 license (see [license.txt](license.txt)).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ivmartel/dwv.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ivmartel/dwv) [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/ivmartel/dwv.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/ivmartel/dwv?branch=master) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/ivmartel/dwv.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ivmartel/dwv) [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ivmartel/dwv.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ivmartel/dwv) [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/dwv.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dwv) [![Bower](https://img.shields.io/bower/v/dwv.svg)](https://libraries.io/bower/dwv)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fivmartel%2Fdwv.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fivmartel%2Fdwv?ref=badge_shield)

And for those who want to support the dwv development:

[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=VQWYY8ZS75H3E&currency_code=EUR&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donateCC_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted)

## Available Scripts

``` bash
# install dependencies
yarn install

# serve with test hot reload at localhost:8080
yarn run start

# watch for changes and run command line tests
yarn run start-cmd

# watch for changes and copy build (to be connected with a demo viewer)
yarn run dev

# run unit tests
yarn run test

# create release files
yarn run build

# create documentation
yarn run doc
```

Commit message:

adding footnote about medical use

readme.md, after:

DWV
===

DWV (DICOM Web Viewer) is an open source zero footprint medical image viewer library. It uses _only_ javascript and HTML5 technologies, meaning that it can be run on any platform that provides a modern browser (laptop, tablet, phone and even modern TVs). It can load local or remote data in DICOM format (the standard for medical imaging data such as MR, CT, Echo, Mammo, NM...) and  provides standard tools for its manipulation such as contrast, zoom, drag, possibility to draw regions on top of the image and imaging filters such as threshold and sharpening.

Try a [live demo](https://ivmartel.github.io/dwv/) and read a lot more information on the [wiki](https://github.com/ivmartel/dwv/wiki) (such as [Dicom-Support](https://github.com/ivmartel/dwv/wiki/Dicom-Support) or [Pacs-Support](https://github.com/ivmartel/dwv/wiki/Pacs-Support)).

All coding/implementation contributions and comments are welcome.

DWV is not certified for diagnostic use.<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup> 
Released under GNU GPL-3.0 license (see [license.txt](license.txt)).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ivmartel/dwv.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ivmartel/dwv) [![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/ivmartel/dwv.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/ivmartel/dwv?branch=master) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/ivmartel/dwv.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ivmartel/dwv) [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ivmartel/dwv.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ivmartel/dwv) [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/dwv.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dwv) [![Bower](https://img.shields.io/bower/v/dwv.svg)](https://libraries.io/bower/dwv)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fivmartel%2Fdwv.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fivmartel%2Fdwv?ref=badge_shield)

And for those who want to support the dwv development:

[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=VQWYY8ZS75H3E&currency_code=EUR&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donateCC_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted)

## Available Scripts

``` bash
# install dependencies
yarn install

# serve with test hot reload at localhost:8080
yarn run start

# watch for changes and run command line tests
yarn run start-cmd

# watch for changes and copy build (to be connected with a demo viewer)
yarn run dev

# run unit tests
yarn run test

# create release files
yarn run build

# create documentation
yarn run doc
```

<a name="footnote1">1</a>: Certification refers to official medical software certification that are issued by the FDA or EU Notified Bodies. The sentence here serves as a reminder that the Dicom Web Viewer is not ceritifed, and comes with no warranties (and no possible liability of its authors) as stated in the [license](license.txt). To learn more about standards used in certification, see the [wikipedia Medical software](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medical_software) page. If you have additional questions, please [open an issue](https://www.github.com/ivmartel/dwv/issues).
